Rename ListenClone (#607)
ietf-tapswg/api-drafts: draft-ietf-taps-interface.md

Connection Properties. However, there may be exceptions, such as `Priority
(Connection)`, see {{conn-priority}}. Like all other Properties, Priority is copied to the new Connection when calling Clone(), but it is not entangled: Changing Priority on one Connection does not change it on the other Connections in the same Connection Group.

It is also possible to check which Connections belong to the same Connection Group.
Calling GroupedConnections() on a specific Connection returns a set of all Connections
in the same group.

~~~
[]Connection := Connection.GroupedConnections()
~~~

Connections will be in the same group if the application previously called Clone.

> Passive Connections can also be added to the same group when a Listener receives
> a new Connection that is one stream of a multi-streaming protocol instance.

Reviewer: The last sentence again  :)
I'd much prefer it if this could be written as an example.
```suggestion
Passive Connections can also be added to the same group -- e.g., when a Listener receives a new Connection that is just a new stream of an already active multi-streaming protocol instance.
```

Listener on an existing connection:

~~~
Listener := Connection.ListenWithConnection()
~~~

ListenWithConnection() creates a Listener that can accept new streams, given
a Connection that uses a multi-streaming protocol. Any new Connection received by
this Listener will be "entangled" with the cloned Connection, and be part of
the same Connection Group. If ListenWithConnection() is called on a Connection
that does not support multi-streaming, the operation will return an error instead

> of a Listener.

Reviewer: I'm very sorry for only bringing this up here - I should have said it at the last interim, or at least write it in the issue ... somehow I overlooked this:

I'm strongly *against* writing that this should fail in case the Connection doesn't support multi-streaming.

First, I just don't think that should happen - we have produced lots of research on heuristics to detect common bottlenecks, and methods to combine congestion controls; we have shown that, with multiple TCP connections, it's quite possible to offer something VERY similar to multi-streaming (and this gets much easier when one can *assume* a common bottleneck, e.g. when all is tunneled over the same five-tuple, e.g. with a VPN; if you're interested, please get in touch  :)  ). So, at least, we shouldn't prohibit that.

Second, there are no guarantees offered regarding mux'ing, and e.g. priorities making a difference - so, why fail anyway? One just has to make sure that, if e.g. multiple TCP connections are below, calls that configure something on TCP connection 1 lead to a similar configuration for TCP connection 2.

Third, it's an implementation detail; we shouldn't be so prescriptive here anyway.

Fourth, a (capital-c) "Connection" is what we expose, not what the underlying transport uses. FWIW, there could in fact be multiple underlying connections that we're multiplexing a single transfer on!

This is all easily fixed by removing the last sentence   :)

Reviewer 2: I missed the interim discussion on this, but I agree with @mwelzl that ListenWithClone should not fail for transports without multi-streaming. That would break the Connection abstraction.

Reviewer: To make progress on this one: at the interim, I have been convinced that, at least with today's protocols (hmm hmm... what if connections connections arrive via the same tunnel, e.g. in a VPN case?), supporting connection coupling on the server side will not be possible.

However, there's also no need to be so restrictive in the text in the interface draft, IMO. The final statement regarding multi-streaming could safely be removed here, and included in the implementation draft. That would be my proposal.
